minor formatting (#2066)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/containers-orchestration/kubernetes.md

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/containers-orchestration/K8s_Deployment_Overview.png')} alt="K8s dashboards" />

### Collection Health Check

The **Kubernetes - Collection Health Check** dashboard displays the collection status from all the components in the Kubernetes cluster.

Use this dashboard to:  

> * Monitor the health of open telemetry based collection in your Kubernetes environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Monitor the health of OpenTelemetry based collection in your Kubernetes environment.
```
```suggestion
* Monitor the health of OpenTelemetry based collection in your Kubernetes environment.
```
